Gnuplot

Problem1: Identify the function and create a 3D plot of the function as shown in the figure 1.png. The function is quadratic in input.

What to submit?
1.plot, 1.png

Problem2: Create plot for Ackermann recursive function as shown in the figure 2.png

What to submit?
2.plot, 2.png

Problem3: You are given an input file “inputdata3” that contains subject names. Each line in the file contain one subject name. Use script (awk/sed/bash etc) to calculate the frequency of each subject. 

Plot a histogram graph of Subject Vs frequency of the subject. Subject names will be on X-axis and frequency will be the Y-axis.

What to submit?
3.plot, 3.png, 3.sh/3.awk

Problem4: Plot the parametric equations as shown in the figure 4.png

What to submit?
4.plot, 4.png

Problem5: Can you plot the temprature vs. humidity graph with the data provided in the CSV file "Plot5Data". We will not judge this based on what kind of plot you make. Choose a suitable one, refer to the GNUPlot docs and find one which can do this. If the data seems too large, truncate it as per your wish, but try this on your own.

The legend of the plot must contain the following info:

StationName	- Lab
Long - 72.82579803
Lat - 18.97500038

Bonus Problem
-------------
gnuplot can be used to animate plots.
Create an animation of interference of 2 travelling waves/pulses (either can be used) moving in opposite directions on a string. Something like the gif on this page:
http://www.acs.psu.edu/drussell/Demos/superposition/superposition.html

There are many strategies to create this animantion, feel free to choose any of them. 
1. Vary the “time” to generate a bunch of image files, then compose a gif using imagemagick or a mp4 using ffmpeg.
2. gnuplot can compose plots into a gif.


GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
--------------------

All of the above to be evaluated manually. All the pngs above are to be generated by you and submitted. The PNGs provided with the assignment MUST not be used for submission, For that problem a zero shall be awarded in that case.

We hope you enjoyed it!
